add dataplex autodq base module (#1545)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-foundation-fabric: modules/dataplex-autodq/README.md

Author: Hey @saurabh-net thanks for your feedback. Looking at our internal proto docs, I think the data profile spec will evolve further, and we also plan to have other types of data scan specs in the future, so I think it make sense to refactor this interface to be compatible with the API.

Author: This is complete.

# Dataplex AutoDQ

> This module manages the creation of Dataplex AutoDQ DataScan resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module manages the creation of Dataplex DataScan resources.
```

## Data Profiling

> This example shows how to create a Data Profiling scan using AutoDQ. To create an AutoDQ Data Profiling scan, provide the `data_profile_spec` input arguments as documented in https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs/reference/rest/v1/DataProfileSpec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a Data Profiling type DataScan. To create a Data Profiling scan, provide the `data_profile_spec` input arguments as documented in https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs/reference/rest/v1/DataProfileSpec.
```

  data = {
    resource = "//bigquery.googleapis.com/projects/bigquery-public-data/datasets/austin_bikeshare/tables/bikeshare_stations"
  }
  incremental_field = "modified_date"
  data_quality_spec = {
    sampling_percent = 100
    row_filter       = "station_id > 1000"

>     rules            = [for rule in yamldecode(file("config/rules_camel_case.yaml")) : { for k, v in rule : join("_", [for word in flatten(regexall("((?:[A-Z]|[0-9]+)[a-z]*)", title(k))) : lower(word)]) => try({ for kk, vv in v : join("_", [for word in flatten(regexall("((?:[A-Z]|[0-9]+)[a-z]*)", title(kk))) : lower(word)]) => vv }, v) }]

Reviewer: LGTM. This looks reasonably simple. V quick turn-around :)

minor nits:
(1) It would be good to have the example have the YAML at the data quality spec level instead of the rule level, to align 1:1 with the gcloud yaml input.

(2) In a future PR, let's explore a more integrated solution for the yaml support. Perhaps a separate optional argument for it, which inlines the yamldecode and the flatten code.

Reviewer 2: this example in the doc is pretty much unreadable :)

can we internalize the external YAML decode in the module, via a variable that takes a rules file and optional boolean for the conversion?

at the very least, line 240 needs to be broken into multiple lines for legibility

Author: sounds good. I'll add a separate variable `data_quality_spec_yaml_file` which expects a file as an input and has a variable switch for converting from camel case to snake case.

Reviewer 2: Another possibly simpler option would be to move the transformation to a `locals` block in the example, using separate local variables for each step.

Author: @ludoo that's a great idea. Wish I saw this before doing all the refactoring to add yaml parsing support as part of the module.

Let me know what you think of the latest change.

Author: Yaml parsing support added as discussed. Let's consolidate this discussion to the latest thread started by Julio.
